In 1943, a dead man washed ashore in Spain, and changed the entire course of World War II.
Operation Mincemeat was a top-secret British plan to trick Nazi Germany before the invasion of Sicily.
They strapped fake war plans to a corpse dressed as a Royal Marines officer, a man who never existed.
The body belonged to a 34-year-old homeless Welsh man named Glyndwr Michael, who had died from eating rat poison.
If the Nazis spotted the forgery, thousands of Allied soldiers would sail straight into a trap.
Hitler was so convinced, he moved an entire Panzer division to Greece, away from the real target.
When the Allies invaded Sicily, they faced dramatically weakened defenses, saving an estimated 40,000 lives.
The operation stayed classified for decades.
The dead man's true identity wasn't confirmed until 1996.
Could one dead man really have won a war?
Follow for more.